If you want to dominate search results
everywhere customers are looking, I'm
going to show you exactly how. In this
video, I'll walk you through a five-step
SEO strategy that my team and I use to
help our clients rank number one, not
just on Google, but on YouTube, Tik Tok,
Amazon, LinkedIn, and even AI tools like
Chat, GPT, and Perplexi. Because here's
the truth, your customers aren't just
searching on Google anymore. They're
searching billions of times a day on
platforms, marketplaces, and AI engines.
And if you're not there, you're
invisible or buying decisions are being
made. Right now, the playing field is
wide open. The businesses that follow
these five steps will gain the edge they
can ride for years. Let's dive in.
It took 75 years for the telephone to
reach 100 million users. Took 16 years
for the mobile phone. Tik Tok did it in
just 9 months. Chat GBT just 2 months.
The adoption curve has collapsed from
decades to months. And that pace
permanently rewired how people search,
discover, and make decisions. I don't
believe SEO is just about ranking on
Google anymore. Search is now everywhere
on Tik Tok, YouTube, Amazon, even AI
tools. Most businesses are still playing
yesterday's rules while customers
leveled up thanks to AI and social
platforms. Everyday users have become
power searchers, doing in minutes what
used to take professionals hours or days
or even weeks. And across every
generation, the expectation has changed.
People don't just want the answer. They
want proof. They want to see products in
action, side-by-side comparisons, and
real life experiences from people they
trust. Think about the last time you
looked up a restaurant. You didn't just
Google it. You checked out Tik Tok
reviews, Instagram photos, Yelp stars,
maybe even asked a Facebook group and
only then pulled up Google Maps for
directions. That's why search has
changed forever. The Google Only
Playbook isn't just outdated, it's
invisible.
[Music]
For years, the customer journey was
simple. Search Google, click on a site,
make a decision. Google shaped the path
for over a decade. But today, the
journey looks nothing like that. Tik Tok
sparks curiosity. YouTube builds
understanding. Reddit adds raw opinions.
Amazon seals a purchase. AI ties it in
all together. What took Google 10 years,
Tik Tok did in four, and Chat GBT did in
two. That's how fast buying behavior is
changing. Nearly 60% of Google searches
now end without a click because people
get their answers directly from AI
overviews, feature snippets, and
knowledge panels. And billions of other
searches never touch Google at all. The
reason is simple. Context changes
behavior. Just like you act differently
in a library than you do in a gym,
people behave differently on Tik Tok
than on Amazon or on YouTube than on
Reddit. Each platform puts the brain in
a different state. Discovery, learning,
trust, or decision. If you only focus on
Google, you're missing out on more than
70% of the people who search today. And
while most businesses know they need to
adapt, very few have a system to do it.
That's why we built a five-step strategy
framework so our clients can show up
everywhere their customers are
searching, not just where it's
comfortable.
The reality is, yes, your customers are
on Tik Tok, Instagram, YouTube,
LinkedIn, Reddit, and even Amazon.
Doesn't matter if you're B2B or B TOC.
The mistake is thinking it's just about
showing up there. The real play is to
understand what state of mind your
customers are in when they're on those
platforms. Because the same person shows
up differently when using Tik Tok than
when they're on LinkedIn or on YouTube.
That's why step one of the new SEO
strategy is simple but crucial. Find
your customers by mapping audience and
platform intent. Your customers don't
search the same way on Tik Tok as they
do on Amazon. And if you treat them the
same, you'll lose them. Let me show you
how to map intent so you hit the right
message in the right place. It's not
about picking platforms at random. It's
about figuring out where audience
actually searches, what conversations
are being had there, and what kind of
intent drives those searches. Tik Tok is
entertainmentled discovery. YouTube is
long- form, deep research. Amazon is
decision mode. Reddit is raw opinions.
Each platform has its own intent. And if
you ignore that, you'll create the wrong
content for the right people. Start by
asking where does my audience go when
they need answers. Check your
competitors. Where are they strongest?
Study what kind of content works in
those spaces. Then choose your top three
or four platforms and go deep. Master
those first before expanding everywhere
else. Our study showed that when AI
tools answer questions, they're
consistently pulling from Wikipedia,
Reddit, and YouTube across all major
platforms. This is a random. It shows
you exactly where authoritative citable
content lives. If you want to show up in
AI responses, then these are the
platforms where you need to build your
presence.
If your brand shows up differently on
every platform, don't expect AI to trust
you or customers to either. Before you
can compete for attention, you got to
get your story straight. Most people
think SEO is about keywords, but AI
doesn't think in keywords. It thinks in
entities, context, and relationships. An
entity is just something that can be
clearly defined. Your company, your CEO,
your product, your service. AI builds a
map of these entities. If your brand
isn't defined consistently everywhere,
AI literally doesn't know who you are.
And when AI can't see you, you don't
show up. Period. That's why step two,
even though it sounds simple, is one of
the most powerful things you can do for
visibility. Clarifying who you are. Your
business name, description, and overall
core identity needs to be identical
across every platform. Google, Tik Tok,
LinkedIn, Amazon, everywhere. This means
you want to craft your message and
positioning. This isn't just about us
page. It's the core of everything. The
DNA of your brand, a clear understanding
of who you serve, the problem you solve,
and why you're different. That
foundation doesn't just sit on your
website. It flows into every profile,
every bio, and every piece of content
you create. Then, you'll be able to
define your content pillars. This is
where you pick three or four themes and
you'll keep coming back to the ideas you
want your brand to own in people's mind.
Maybe it's the problems you solve every
day. Maybe it's the trends shaping your
space. Maybe it's your personal take
that no one else is saying out loud. And
ultimately, you'll need to connect your
entities to form a consistent presence.
Don't just build a profile for your
company. Build one for your team
members, your products, and your
services and link them together. Think
of this step like your business card for
the internet. If someone gets five
different cards from five different
titles and phone numbers, they're not
going to trust you. Online consistency
plus clarity equals trust with both
people and AI.
Once you've clarified who you are, your
identity, your message, your entities,
you've earned the right to show up. Step
three is about standing out. Create
content that fits each platform. Most
businesses still make the same mistake.
They create one piece of content and
blast it everywhere. That's lazy and
it's why your content doesn't perform.
Most businesses are making this one lazy
mistake. Blasting the same content
everywhere. That's why their posts flop.
This is how you turn one big piece of
content into a whole ecosystem. YouTube,
Tik Tok, LinkedIn, even AI search, all
working together to make you the obvious
authority. That's why the smarter play
is to build a content ecosystem. You
start with the big pillar, a long form
YouTube video, a podcast, or a in-depth
blog that becomes your anchor. Videos
especially should be the center of your
strategy. According to my agency's
research, AI tools are citing videos
more and more in the responses. We're
seeing a steady growth from 7% to over
12% in just 6 quarters. If you're not
creating video content, you're missing
out on a huge chunk of AI visibility.
From videos and other long- form content
pieces, you slice and adapt and reformat
it to native versions across platforms.
A long- form YouTube video becomes
several vertical shorts designed to
stand on their own. A podcast clip
becomes swipeable LinkedIn carousel. A
blog becomes textbased posts and FAQs
that AI then can site directly. One big
topic becomes multiple posts, Tik Toks
or Instagram reels. Some repurpose, some
refilm to feel fresh. The key in this,
you're not just repackaging. You're
creating an interconnected system where
all the pieces reinforce each other. A
blog links your YouTube. A YouTube video
points your podcast. A Tik Tok press
people to your site or Amazon page. Each
piece strengthens each other and
together they signal topical authority
to both humans and AI. Each platform has
its own rules of the game. YouTube needs
strong titles, thumbnails, and pacing.
And of course, they look at retention.
Tik Tok and reals thrive on quick hooks
and vertical formatting. Blogs need
structure, headings, FAQ, and citations
so AI and Google can actually reference
them. LinkedIn rewards thought
leadership packaged in a professional
text first style. When you tailor your
content in this way, you're not just
posting everywhere. You're showing up
natively where your audience already
spends time while building a unified
body of work that compounds over time.
Now, before I walk into step four and
five, let me quickly mention this. If
you're listening and thinking, "This
makes sense, but I don't have the time
or team to implement all this myself." I
get it. That's exactly what my agency NP
Digital helps with. We've built
strategies for some of the biggest
brands in the world. And right now, our
team is helping businesses get featured
in AI search results and building
omniresence across platforms like Tik
Tok and YouTube and optimizing for the
future of AIdriven advertising. Instead
of playing catch-up 2 or 3 years from
now, you can just be one of the brands
that's leading this shift. Just go to
npdigital.com and book a free
consultation. We'll show you exactly how
to position your business for this new
search landscape and how to turn it into
a competitive advantage. Now, let's go
into step four.
If step three was about building your
content, step four is about powering it.
Because no matter how good your content
looks on surface, if the systems
underneath don't work, the tracking, the
signals, the trust factors, people won't
stay and algorithms won't ranking. This
is the layer most people overlook
because it feels like the boring stuff,
but it's actually what makes the
exciting stuff work. Start with
foundational systems. Your site has to
load fast, especially on mobile. Amazon
has proven that every second cost sales,
and that's why their product pages strip
down everything and are lightning quick.
Do the same for your brand. Next, build
with structured data so AI and search
engines actually understand you.
Nurbaugh is a perfect example. The
reviews and comparison pages are packed
with schema and entity markup. That's
why when you ask chat GPT about the best
credit cards, Nerd Wallet shows up in
their answers. Then add advanced
optimization, FAQ schema, and
conversational content that works for
voice search and AI overviews. This is
how you show up inside AI generated
results. Not just in Google, but in
tools like Perplexity and CHIGBT. Now
layer in engagement signals. Reviews,
comments, and shares aren't just social
proof. Their signals platforms use to
decide what gets seen. Google Maps
favors businesses with more reviews and
active responses. Yelp rewards
restaurants that engage with feedback.
On Tik Tok and Instagram, videos that
spark comment threads or career replies
tend to spread further because the
algorithm sees people leaning in. These
micro signals compound into big
visibility. Here's the key. The
technical layer isn't about being a
coder. It's about building the systems
that make content easy to find, easy to
trust, and impossible to ignore.
Here's the truth. The businesses winning
this new search game aren't just setting
things up once and forgetting about
them. They're adapting faster than the
competition can keep up. So, you need to
test everything. AB test headlines,
thumbnails, even CTAs. Use feedback
loops to learn what's working and refine
it. Apply remarketing and reminder
strategies to stay top of mind. And
that's why step five is tracking what's
working and improve. Start simple. Most
platforms already give you free
insights. Check out which posts get the
most engagement. See which platforms
send you the most qualified customers.
Track where your brand is showing up in
Google search answers in social feeds.
You can do this with Uber Suggest AI
visibility report. It shows you how
you're showing up in chat GPT compared
to your competition. And it shows you
the sentiment if you're looked upon in a
positive light or a negative light
compared to your competition. And it
also helps you benchmark how you're
doing compared to your competitors in
the space and how you're improving more
or less than your competitors over time.
You can also see what formats your
competitors are winning over you, where
you're getting traction versus where
they are. Those are the clues that you
can learn from, and that allows you over
time to refine your strategy so you can
beat them. Now, when it comes to
refining, maybe one platform isn't
delivering. And that's okay. Shift your
focus. Maybe one topic is exploding.
Double down. Every month, set aside time
to review, adjust, and improve. And
here's the big advantage. The cycle
compounds. Businesses that constantly
test and adapt don't just keep up. They
pull ahead. Because every improvement
stacks on the last. The search landscape
has permanently changed. Winning today
isn't about chasing Google rankings.
It's about showing up everywhere
customers look. building omniresence and
becoming the obvious choice. And this
isn't theory. I practice it myself. I
use it on my own personal brand and my
company does it for hundreds of other
companies. So if you want to see exactly
how to implement platform suic
optimization and the latest AI search
strategies, subscribe to the channel and
watch this next